"You find yourselves in the land of Edunn. Edunn is a vast island nation off the southwestern coast of the continent of Faerun.  ^536ef7

For thousands of years Edunn has been ruled by the High elves, more specifically the Royal *Valinora* family.  Before the land of Edunn was discovered by the other races the *Valinora* family led a group of their people from the Feywild to find a new land to call their own. Gathering a substantial following, the Valinoras opened a rift between realms and stepped out onto the highest peak on what is now Edunn. Standing tall over the center of the crescent shaped island the Valinoras peered over the vast new island they could call home. 

The island was split down the middle by a towering mountain range reaching from the northermost point of the island to the southernmost. To the east, fertile farmlands stretched from the base of the mountains to the coast covering almost half of island. To the west dense forest covered the top two thirds of the island with a large natural lake forming between the center of several major rivers. Finally the southwestern most third of the island was a smaller desert region protected from the moisture of the seas by high mountainous walls and sheer cliffs along its coast. 

Edunn was a primal, untouched land prior to the elves arrival due to the torrential seas surrounding all of the islands shores. Waves crashed and storms thundered on all coasts of the island. Seeing the potential of the land, the Valinoras knew they had to share the beauty and riches of this new land with the other *lesser* races. 

In order to tame the wicked seas, the one and only daughter of the Valinora family performed an ancient elven spell trading her life to calm the seas surrounding Edunn. By performing the spell, the only female heir of the Valinora family encased herself in a brilliant blue crystal suspended on the highest peak of the island bound to forever hold back the wrath of the seas and watch over the island. 

Following the princess's sacrifice the high elves established two major settlements on the island. The princess's eldest brother **Aerelann** took volunteers and built a fortress surrounding the crystal. He believed that his sister did a great service to her people and vowed to protect her sacrifice for as long as he and his descendants drew breathe. The princess's youngest brother **Relinn** was left to care for his grieving parents. He tried to rally their spirits and escorted the rest of his people to the lake on the east side of the island where the high elves used the purest magic to cultivate a floating city at the center of the lake. 

Once the island was opened to the outside world, seafarers of many other races began to land all along the island. Ushered by the now native high elves. Regions started to form out of the natural biomes of the island. 
- Gnomes and Dwarves settled in the southern mountain range to develop mines, creating the town of **Sunder Rock**
- Humans settled throughout the farmlands creating a variety of small farming settlements and coastal towns such as; **Low Line, Sun's Reach, The Cross Roads, and Stonefalls**
- Two harbor towns developed; **Crestvale** by the elves and **Cornwall** by the humans

Whether you have found yourself on the island of Edunn for your whole life or travelled here to progress your own quest you each caught wind of a contract put out by the Valinorian government to rid the land of a certain Minotaur terrorizing the farms surrounding The Cross Roads. While a task like this may not have jumped out to many of you on a normal day, you each felt drawn to enrolling in the hunt with the gut feeling that this adventure would bring you a step closer to finding the answers youre looking for..."